Backstory:
John is the 32-year-old owner of a small Italian restaurant in 2014. Around 2020, started to lose business. Clientele getting older. Had to close in 2025. Worked for Kennametal as a business analyst for three years, but then they closed down too. As he was searching for a job, his wife Amy got breast cancer, and as they were uninsured, they got in a lot of debt. At the same time, in 2030, his kids were just getting ready to go to college, but he couldn't afford it. They went to community college in engineering and biology, but it was hard to find a job in Pittsburgh for his son Jared, the biologist, so his daughter Miranda, the engineer, ended up supporting the family.

Now, at 72, their money's largely run out. They're able to support their home (bought cheap in the 2000s) so they're not in dire trouble, but they're scrambling to make ends meet. John's picking up small contract work out of his house. The kids have moved out and have grandkids. John's still in the Quaternary Club, which he joined as a kitschy thing in the 2000s, but it's become a primary socialization measure as he's grown. They get together to talk, drink coffee, play cards, and smoke weed from a vaporizer on a roof. Here, John converses with his neighbor Adam.

Card table on a roof, kind of run down.

(both of them)
John: Ugh, these guys I'm working for have really worked themselves into a hole. 
Adam: Wait, is that Norco?
John: Nah, last week. Parmed this week.

(drone waiter) Would you like more coffee?
John: No thanks.

Adam: Whatever. Do they know your name? Why should you care about them?
John: Fair enough. Well, I've got a spot at Catapult Coworking for the week, anyway. How's your kids?

(Adam)
Adam: Great. Andrea's assigned to the orbital station next month.
John: Congratulations!

(shot looking downtown)
Adam: She seems to think it's no big deal. Hell, it's easier than getting downtown, these days. 
John: Or to my PT in Regent Square.

Adam: Weird how we've gotten more segregated, huh? I would have thought that it'd be easier. But all the congestion...
John: Yeah, funny how 150 year old streets can't handle the cars for these skyscrapers.

